# False Ghost
A [7 Day Roguelike Challenge 2024](https://itch.io/jam/7drl-challenge-2024) game.

Are you ready to take on enemies embodyng the power of **Fire**?
The fury of **Air**?
The tedium of **Business**?

Then you're ready to play *False Ghost*.

I saw a (possibly aprcryphal) list of 7DRL game requirements that said that a game needed a minimal number of enemy types to participate.
So I made this.
This game has no enemy types, item types, or obstacle types in it.
It invents them all as you play.
(Note that this makes it take a while to load.)

## How to Play

1. Launch the game.

2. Wait for it to download the 4 gigabyte model file.

3. Wait for it to generate the first level.
This will take a while!

4. Note the kind of vibes you get when you enter a level.
Most of the enemies will be of this elemental domain.

5. Run around the dungeon bumping into things, with `WASD` or your favorite movement keys.

6. Bump into enemies to attack them!
They conveniently hold still.

7. When you kill an enemy, you will get an item.
Rarer enemies drop rarer (better) items.

8. Use `Q` and `E` to cycle through your items.
Try to make sure you have an item equipped when attacking an enemy, because attacking unarmed is less effective.
Rarer items do more damage.
If you equip an item of the elemental domain that beats your enemy's, you will do more damage and take less!

9. Fence an item for cash with `F`.
The more cash you have when you die, the better!

## Cool Bugbear's Hot Tips

- Remember to `F`ence anything you don't need for cash!
It's the only way to get points, and it de-clutters your inventory!

- Evil beats good, but *business* beats evil.

- The items and enemies in your game are unique to you!
Memorize what symbols mean what enemies to clear levels faster and with less risk of dying.

- The item and enemy names are generated by a seven billion parameter highly advanced machine learning model.
This means that they are quite likely to be utter nonsense, and somewhat likely to be racist, sexist, homophobic, or otherwise toxic to humanity.
It has been enjoined not to cuss at you, but that's about it.
If your game is trying to convince you that you need to fight "an immigrant" or something, delete the `objects` directory to punish it.

## Minimum System Requirements

The game should play reasonably well with:
- 8 GB RAM
- 5 GB hard disk space
- 8 cores/16 threads
- Integrated graphics

## Credits

Game icon in `icon.ico` is "[Lantern, lamp, flame, lightning, fire, burning, night, adventure, game Icon](https://icon-icons.com/icon/lantern-lamp-flame-lightning-fire-burning-night-adventure-game/262436)" by Dian Ratri, used under CC-BY 4.0.
 